Add documentation for gaze (#5699)
microsoft/MixedRealityToolkit-Unity: Documentation/Input/Gaze.md

# Gaze

[Gaze](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/mixed-reality/gaze) is a form of input that interacts
with the world based on where the user is looking. Gaze exists in two different flavors

## Head gaze

This type of gaze is based on the direction that the head/camera is looking at. Head gaze is active
on systems that don't support eye gaze, or in cases where the hardware may support eye gaze, but
the right set of [permissions and setup](../EyeTracking/EyeTracking_BasicSetup.md#eye-tracking-requirements-checklist)
has not been performed.

Head gaze is usually associated with HoloLens 1 style interactions involving looking at object by

> placing it in the center of the FOV and then performing the air tap gesture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
placing it in the center of the Holographic Frame and then performing the air tap gesture.
```

## Eye gaze

This type of gaze is based on where the user's eyes are looking. Eye gaze is only present
on systems that support eye tracking. See the
[eye tracking documentation](../EyeTracking/EyeTracking_Main.md) for more details on how
to use eye gaze.

## GazeProvider

Gaze functionality (both head and eye) is provided by the
[GazeProvider](xref:Microsoft.MixedReality.Toolkit.Input.GazeProvider). This provider can be configured
in the *Pointer* section of the input system profile:

![Gaze Configuration Entrypoint](../../Documentation/Images/Input/GazeConfigurationEntrypoint.png)

Like other sources of input, the gaze provider interacts with objects in the scene

> through use of a [pointer](), but in the case of the gaze provider, its pointer is an [internal

Reviewer 2: are you missing a link to the pointer doc here?

Author: Yeah, definitely was. I just got rid of that, because I think the link I was planning on referencing would have interrupted the flow here (i.e. directing folks to the pointer architecture docs would have had them go down the rabbit hole.)
